All by yourself, sittin' alone
I hope we're still friends, yeah, I hope you don't mind

Que absurda es la esperanza, tiene máscara de estafa,
más cualquiera que la porte notará en ella ventaja

Got a couple things I wanna share with you
I wanna grow with you

Xan' in the rain, now I'm always rowdy
Xan' in my brain, now I'm always cloudy

I keep coming back, 'cause I can't cope by myself
I keep running back, but you're so bad for my health
I keep coming back, 'cause I can't cope by myself anymore

I wrestle with myself and with my vices

It's all a bit of fun until somebody gets hurt
I'll take it with a pinch of salt, another lesson learned

But I don't need to know what's real or not no more
I don't need to know what's real or not no more

It's nothing you should worry yourself about

I've never been so tired and lately I don't feel quite right

Everybody on the late-night shift
Everybody on a drinking crisis
Ain't nobody wanna feel like this

Don't shoot up the party
Please, please
Don't shoot up the party

Always dead inside like they in the catacombs

Stay down, I'm sorry
Stay down, you're ugly, oh, oh, oh

I don't need you to love me

What's the issue?

Why you gotta grab that pistol?

Think about who gon' miss you

Never know what I been through

Never know what they might do

What's the issue?
Why you gotta grab that pistol?
Think about who gon' miss you
Never know what I been through

What's the issue?
Why you gotta grab that pistol?
Think about who gon' miss you
Never know what they might do

He's born a liar, he'll die a liar

There's a time and there's a place

Are you hoping for a miracle?
    
Six out of ten, better luck next time

Just like his dad, just like his dad
same mistakes

It's not my fault, it's not my fault
just this once

Bastard child of guilt and shame

Are you hoping for a miracle?
It's not enough, it's not enough

Was it the best you ever had?
Was it the worst? You'd never know

I'd try to tell you what I think and play it off like it's a joke

I only talk to dogs because they don't understand me

I need to purge my urges

I need an alibi to justify, somebody to blame
